Now, we are going to refine how we analyze hazards and assess risks.
Before we start, we need to define which part of vehicle will be under consideration.
We are going to use an Advanced Driver Assistance System,
in short ADAS, as an example.
Once we have chosen a system to investigate,
we need to brainstorm and come up with
different driving scenarios like driving in
the snow on a highway or parked in a parking lot.
We call this situational analysis.
Separately, we'll think about different ways that the vehicle can malfunction.
We'll brainstorm again to identify what could go wrong with the ADAS.
We will then evaluate malfunctions on
the various driving scenarios and calculate a risk factor called ASIL,
automotive safety integrity level.
The ultimate goal of hazard analysis and risk assessment is to define
requirements specifying what ADAS needs to do in order to avoid hazardous situations.